README.md, before:

# Copilot Chat API (OpenAI Compatible)

Provides a simple HTTP API to interface with GitHub Copilot, including native GitHub authentication.

Forked from [Copilot API](https://github.com/B00TK1D/copilot-api) to include chat endpoint.

## Supports Cline

Set your API provider to OpenAI Compatible and the Base URL to this server.

Your API key can be anything. Change your model to any model supported by Copilot.

![cline](/images/cline.png)

## Dependencies

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Run

```
python3 api.py [port]
```

## Usage

Send a POST request to `http://localhost:8080/v1/chat/completions` with the following JSON body

### Payload

```json
{
  "model": "claude-3.5-sonnet",
  "messages": [{ "role": "user", "content": "Hello, how are you?" }],
  "temperature": 0.7, // default: 1.0
  "max_tokens": 1000 // default: 9999999
  "stream": true, // default: false
}
```

### Response

#### Stream

![Streamed Responses](/images/stream.png)

#### Non-Stream

![Non-Streamed Responses](/images/no-stream.png)

Commit message:

feat: added inline code completion endpoint from fork

README.md, after:

# Copilot Chat API (OpenAI Compatible)

Provides a simple HTTP API to interface with GitHub Copilot, including native GitHub authentication.

Forked from [Copilot API](https://github.com/B00TK1D/copilot-api) to include chat endpoint.

## Supports Cline

Set your API provider to OpenAI Compatible and the Base URL to this server.

Your API key can be anything. Change your model to any model supported by Copilot.

![cline](/images/cline.png)

## Dependencies

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Run

```
python3 api.py [port]
```

# Usage

## Chat Completions

Send a POST request to `http://localhost:8080/v1/chat/completions` with the following JSON body

### Payload

```json
{
  "model": "claude-3.5-sonnet",
  "messages": [{ "role": "user", "content": "Hello, how are you?" }],
  "temperature": 0.7, // default: 1.0
  "max_tokens": 1000 // default: 9999999
  "stream": true, // default: false
}
```

### Response

#### Stream

![Streamed Responses](/images/stream.png)

#### Non-Stream

![Non-Streamed Responses](/images/no-stream.png)

## Code Completion

Send a POST request to `http://localhost:8080/api` with the following JSON body

#### Payload

```json
{
  "prompt": "# hello world function\n\n",
  "language": "python"
}
```

#### Response

The response will be a plain text string containing the generated code.

```text
def hello_world():
```

In order to build a complete code snippet, iteratively append the generated code to the prompt and send it back to the API until the response is empty.
